Update scaffolding (#17317)
DataDog/integrations-core: datadog_checks_dev/datadog_checks/dev/tooling/templates/integration/marketplace/IMAGES_README.md

## Using the media gallery

> Please upload images to use the media gallery. Integrations require a minimum of 3 images. Images should be of your integraton, and the Datadog out-of-the-box integration dashboard. The gallery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please upload images to use the media gallery. Integrations require a minimum of 3 images. Images should highlight your product, your integration, and a full image of the Datadog integration dashboard. The gallery
```
